 QUESTION AND ANSWER:---
The pleasure is mine to meet you here, I'm Albert from United State (NY) what about you?

Well am a Private Contractor in Shell Oil and Gas Company from New York, presently working in Texas in Gulf of Mexico an Oil Rig Platform and u?

Am 53 years of age widower with two lovely kids by name Richard and Cherish. Richard is 17 years old while Cherish is 15 years old u?
 
So sorry to hear about your divorced. My late wife is  from philipines Quezon city her name is Gloria tesoro. She died of car accident 4 years ago.

So who looks after you since you don't have a man in your life?

What is your job all about?

That is a nice job,when will you retire?

Ok i will retire this year,am getting old not younger anymore.

Why you choose to remain single without a man?

tHAT 

Most woman this days are not faithful i mean the young ones who don't know more about a marriage life.

I am really searching for a matured and honest lady who will be my wife and a mother to my Kids.

What about you,what kind of a man will you love to meet?

It's will be easy to fine women who are honest and caring this days because most men are searching for the perfect woman to marry,but in the other hand i am searching for the imperfect woman to love and care for perfectly.

Are you a jealous woman?

Same here.

Am filled of jeolousy,i will not love to see my wife hangind around with another man,people do say jealousy deos not matter in a relationship,but i see it to as my first point,because it makes me secure my family.

What are your hobbies?

I love, swimming, and reading, walking on the beach, fishing, camping, just hanging out with my friends and also i love cooking and telling stories with my kids.

What are your favorite colors?

My favorite colors are both white and red, because the white stands for a pure heart and the red stands for love, so when you add the both of them together you have a pure hearted love, that is me because I do have a pure heart for love.

What are your best food?

My best food are Rice,soft beans with fish and vegetable.

Have you been out of USA before ?

I have travelled to over 17 countries in the world whice are Canada,Brazil,Isreal,Western African,Germany,Malta, United kingdom,Russia,Hong Kong,Philipians,Netherland,Spain,Sweeden,Poland,Greece,Denmark.

So tell me have u used an online dating site before or heard of any experience online before ? If yes, tell me what are your experience online?

I am to online; I really do not have so many clues about dating online.

What are the experiences you have encountered since joining the online dating sites?

With the Experience you have had so far do you really believe that you can find your soul mate through online dating?

As for me I believe and also have the courage that I will find the woman whom I which to spend the rest of my life with. I do believe in soul mates.  I have friends that have found theirs and live very happily with them, and I have decided a while ago that I would never "settle" for anyone less than my soul mate.

You see my dear, I am a God fearing nice, caring, honest, sincere, and Understanding man with good sense of humor. Because I feel understanding and communication is the most important thing in a relationship to make it strong and last forever. When two couples understand themselves I don't see anything that will happen to that relationship. It will be a happy one. 

I am looking for someone who is nice, caring, loving, honest and understanding. someone who I can have trust on and also who  have inner beauty  because inner beauty tells the true and real  character of a lady because is from the inner  side of her you can tell if she is good or bad....it is not all about the physical  appearance but the inner feelings which is the true feelings.

Are you a God fearing woman?

I am a God fearing man, I do have my Christian faith to credit for my life, attitude and success; however, I don't use the name of God to attract women for my character speaks for itself. I am not the type of man who is focused entirely on himself.

So tell me how big is your family?  I mean how many brothers and sisters you have? What about your parents?

Unfortunately my both parents are dead and i am the only child of my late parents.

Are you seeking for a particular age range?

I'm 52 and i am ok with any age.

How often do you like to go out; I mean going partying?
                    
When I am out of work, I like going out weekend with my kids and my friends.
                                                                                
What are your favorite movies?

The Avengers, patriot, Romeo and Juliet, Pearl Harbor, Fly Boys, Titanic, Superman so many of them but this few I have just listed are my top list.

What are your favorite TV Shows?

Merlin, Smallville, One Trill Hill, Everybody Hates Chris, Ellen De Generes, Oprah, TSCC, Heroes, Jerry Springer, Keeping up with the Kadershians…etc.

What brand of music do you like?

I love blues, 80s, 90s, Rnb, Jazz, Hip Hop, Gospel Jams, RocknRoll.

Do you have a favorite mucisian in particular?

hmmm Don Moen is a nice who inspires me in terms of music for that he is my number one musician

What about your favorite music band?

Mine is ABBA

So my dear tell me about the current house that you are living in, do you live alone?

I live with my lovely kids in my house but now they are currently schooling in a boarding school,and I also have another bungalow with 4 bedrooms in a confined space of 4 plots of land  including a swimming pool in it, and that’s located at  Washington DC.

What are your goals or dreams in life?

My goals and dreams in life are to be with the woman of my life whom I will call my wife, who I will love and we will both live together and have a loving family forever.

Do you like sports? And what are your favorite sports?

I have a passion for sports and my favorite sport is football

Do you have any favorite sport team you support in particular?

Liverpool football club that’s my team, I love their pattern of playing when I am in town I love travelling going to watch their match together with my kids.

How do you feel when someone upset you? And what will you do to calm yourself down?

I do feel unhappy for that moment; go to quite place and listening to a cool music that will calm me down.

Do you believe in distance relationship?

Yes I do believe in distance relationship, because I do have the faith I will meet the woman whom will love and cherish me as I do.

Are you willing to relocate if you find your soul mate?

To me it depends on my soul mate; if she willingly wants me relocate to her house of living its ok with me, if she wants to relocate to any of my house its ok with me also, or if she wants us both to relocate to a new location, that again will be ok with me.

How has your present marital life affected you so far?

Been lonely has affected me a lot, because me living lonely with the kids without a woman to call my wife and mother, it is not making me happy, and I know my kids also are not happy rather because they have no one to call a mother, I need a woman who will take me and my kids to be her husband and children,and also make me happy for the rest of my life.

So tell me what is your favorite food?

My favorite food is Spaghetti and Fried Chicken both stewed,Italian and mexican food but i love pasta so much.

What’s your favorite drink?

My favorite drinks are Moet, Andre Rose, but I prefer Champagne more likely

Are you a left or right handed?

I am a right handed person

Can you drive a vehicle? Do you have a car?

I can drive, I have  three cars, I have a Range Rover 2013 model black color, and a Lexus 350 white color, with a white Suzuki........, those are my toys I drive around when I am back in town.

If you have one wish to make; what would it be and why?

My wish is for God to grant me a loving, caring and understanding woman that will love me and my kids, Because that will make me happy for the rest of my life.

What do you want your new partner?

I want my partner, to be caring, understanding, God fearing, with good sense of humor, who is loyal, honest and truthful to the call that will give me all her love as I will love her with all my heart and soul. I hope this doesn't sound lame but here it goes. I am currently looking to have a long term relationship with one lady and I want my partner to be respectful. If you come home after having a bad day you won’t even have to ask for a back rub. I will give you one because I care about you. I want that to be a two way street. A lady who would love to go out and have fun. Maybe a country drives, or to the beach, a nice dinner at a Quality restaurant, a lady who loves children because I love children. If you have children then you should actually enjoy being around them. I want a lady who is NICE I would like to meet someone who has a good relationship with her parents and siblings, please if you are that type of person I am in search of don’t hesitate to tell me my dear, because I do promise I will not let you down, I promise to love and care for you with all my life.

How do you feel sometimes when you are lonely?

Makes me remember about my past, the loss of my late wife, I don’t just like it been lonely.

So tell me in whom did you find your first love and where, and what happened to that relationship?

I founded my first love while I was still a teenager with a girl named IRENE I became a lover boy...lol I had this girl named IRENE which became the first love in my life, we attended same school together, then we used to see each other everyday helping each other with our assignment, unfortunately our final exam at high school, she told me that her parents will be living the country for Canada and she was going with them also, I felt like wooh!!!, that means that you are going to live me, she said she does not know what to do, so they left I was really unhappy during that period, years past on when I have already married I and my late wife was on a summer trip to the Canada, so we went on  shopping at Shoprite we saw a kid who was just wondering around inside the supermarket I walked unto the kid and ask him where are your parents as I was talking to the kid immediately a lady walked unto looking at the face of the female was my first love Irene I was very happy to see her and she also, I introduced my late wife to her, she also introduced her husband and her children to me, she is now happily married with 2 kids a boy and a girl too, so we all went out for a nice dinner, I got to know were they were living. 

So tell me my dear what are the languages do you speak?

I speak English and Spanish and understand little Italian and German, hoping to learn more if I do have the chance to.

Who is your mentor?

My mentor is my late dad, he was a nice, caring and understanding dad, who loves and take good care of his family, he always speaks the truth and he is a self discipline man, my dad is ready to risk everything he has for his loved ones, but I do feel the pain because he never lived to enjoy me, he was really the best dad in the world. he always tells me that uneasy lies the head that wears the crown, so for you to be successful in life you have to face some challenges

What is your biggest fear?

To loose the one I love and I don’t want to loose anyone close to me again.

I enjoy life in a quiet, peaceful and loving manner; I avoid conflicting situations that may interrupt my inner peace. I enjoy the company of family, friends and my companion when I find one. Am searching for someone with similar traits, who will enjoy at least some of the things I like, someone who will appreciate me for who I am and will support me in all my endeavors to excel in life, who will be my comforter and share most things with me good or bad, someone I can share my radiance and sunny disposition with, if you feel you are that person don’t hesitate go with your mind I can be all you want and more.

What would be the perfect setting for a first meeting with a new date?  

As  for me I will take her first to a nice fast food, share some ice cream together, then  drive around the town together, while in the evening, we both go out to the best restaurant to have dinner, candle lights on the table, a nice loving blues music will be playing, pop some champagne together, look into her eyes and tell her how much I love her and tell her she means the whole world, and that she is the air that I am breathing, and that I do love and cherish her till I die, tell her how lovely are lips her, then give her a lovely kiss, after that we both go out counting stars together, that I think will make my first date very lovely and romantic.

If you are found guilty of a crime, would you admit yourself and accept your mistakes?

I will admit my self, accept my mistakes, and face the consequences, because I am a God fearing man, and I do abide to the truth.

If you see somebody you don't know who needs help, would you be of any support?

Yes I would help in anyway, because God in heaven says it is good to help those that are in need, and he loves a cheerful giver.

In a relationship how do you see a situation whereby the woman earns more money than the man?

A good relationship where two lovers understand each other, they're concerned for each other and they respect one another, I don’t think that there will be problem about that, to me is no problem as far as they both love their selves.

What gives you inspiration in life?

When everyone around me is happy, I feel very lively to do things that are what inspires me in life.

From your own point of view how do you feel someone can be romantic?

I feel the best way for a person to be romantic is by being your own self; don’t let others tell you what to do. Pay carefully attention to what your mate tells you. It's a very easy thing to do, but it is often overshadowed by personal thoughts or wants Tell them that they are the best, Kiss often and comfort each other by holding each other, you can come up with something no one would expect. Like ask your spouse to make love under the kitchen table. Do something creative. Show who you are, Tell your spouse how you really feel about him/her, that you love them from the inside not just the outside. Say sweet and loving things like: 'Your eyes can make the sun rise, or words like 'You’re the reason my heart beats,' or 'You look so good, I wish I could grow a whole field of you, Often the greatest way to show your love is by giving someone your trust. Open up and tell your mate something about you that no one else knows. 

Do you think you can be trusted by your man?

Yes I can be trusted, because I am ready to lay down my life for the woman I love.

What positive lessons have you learned from your past relationships that will help you succeed in future relationships?

Love, Trust, Understanding.

Marriage they say "Is For Better, For Worse" do you believe in this principle?

Yes I do believe in that, because that is where you have to show that you love your partner very much.

On a serious note; have you ever thought of leaving your country,State,or city in search of the man you want to be with in the future?

Yes that is why I am here on online so that I can find a woman from another country, city or area so i can learn from her culture and also she learns from my culture.

Do you like holding hands and exchanging casual kisses with your partner?

Yes I do I will hold her very close to my body; make her feel the warmth of my body.

 Have you talked about your feelings with someone else?

Yes and you are the only person whom I am sharing my feelings with.