What are your favorite foods? PIZZA and Steak
2)  What are your favorite drinks? mt.dew, vodka, corona, miller lite
3) What are your hobbies? Native American culture, travel, cross stitch
4) What do you like to do for fun? Bowling, playing pool, hanging out with friends and surfing the web
5) What type of movies do you like? Comedy and romantic comedies and some animated
6) What kind of music do you like? Country music and rock and roll  with a little rap
7) What kind of relationship are you looking for? LONG-TERM THAT WILL END UP IN MARRIAGE
?? What is your idea of a first date? DINNER AND THE MOVIES
9) Do you like to read? I love to read
10) Do you like to hug, cuddle, hold hands, etc? YES
11) Is family important to you? YES
12) What are your favorite TV shows? Gilmore girls, ncis, extreme home makeover, 7th heaven, desperate housewives, sons and daughters and law n order svu, biggest loser, greys anatomy, private practice
13) What is your favorite color? BLACK AND BLUE
14) What is your dream car or truck? Dream car is mustang
15) Do you like to watch sports if so pro or college? COLLEGE basket ball and pro football
16) Do you like to play sports? YES

18) Do you have any nieces or nephews if so how many
of each? Am the only child of my parents
19) Do you have kids or want kids? Not sure if I want any but I have one already
20) How do you feel about sex and is it important to you in a relationship? WHEN I CAN TRUST THE PERSON I AM WITH and if they are respectful of me
21) What type of relationship are you looking for? LONG-TERM/MARRIAGE
22) Do you go to church and if not would you go with
a girlfriend? YES I go to church
23) What do you look for in a boyfriend? Someone who is faitfull, honest , sweet and like me for me not what I look like
24) Do you like tattoos or piercings? YES
25) Do you have any tattoos or piercings? I have 1 tattoo and no piercing

26) If there were something that you would like to change about yourself what would it be?   I would like to change how I talk too much when I get nervous.  I also would like to not let myself be used by people.

27) Where were you born and raised? Was born in Madrid  and raised in Berlin.


28) Do you have any grandparents left? no

29) What is your dream honeymoon destination?  Hawaii

30) Where is your dream place to get married?  Allerton Park

31) Do you have any pets?  cat.

32) What is your full name?  kelvin Prince Silva

33) What is your religion? Catholic

34) Do you like to collect anything and if so what do you like to collect? Yes, I collect anything with American flags on it , butterflies and dolphins

35) What is your dream wedding? My dream wedding is the white dress with a beautiful train, small but intimate

36)  When is your birthday? August 27

                                WHEN SHE DON LOVE 

Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.

The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.

True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.

Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.

A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love

The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.

Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.