DEREK SIMPSON    

The pleasure is mine to meet you here, am Daniel Allyn from United State what about you?

Well am a Private Contractr in Shell Oil and Gas Company from New York,presently working in Texas in an Oil Rig Platform and u?


Am 52 years of age widower with two lovely kids by name Cherish and John. Cherish is 13 years old while John is 5 years old u?
 
So sorry to hear about your divorced


My late wife is  from philipines Quezon city her name is Gloria tesoro

So who looks after your kids since you don't have a man in your life?

What is your job all about?

That is a nice job,when will you retire?

Ok i will retire this year,am getting old not younger anymore.

Why you choose to remain single without a man?

tHAT 

Most woman this days are not faithful i mean the young ones who don't know more about a marriage life.

I am really searching for a matured and honest lady who will be my wife and a mother to my Kids.

What about you,what kind of a man will you love to meet?

It's will be easy to fine women who are honest and caring this days because most men are searching for the perfect woman to marry,but in the other hand i am searching for the imperfect woman to love and care for perfectly.

Are you a jealous woman?

Same here.

Am filled of jeolousy,i will not love to see my wife hangind around with another man,people do say jealousy deos not matter in a relationship,but i see it to as my first point,because it makes me secure my family.

What are your hobbies?



What are your favorite colors?

My favorite colors are Blue and White, Blue is for the beautiful sky we all see and white is for the cloud and it always stand for peace.

What are your best food?

My best food are Rice,soft beans with fish and vegetable.

Have you been to the USA before ?
Am from united aI have travelled to over 17 countries in the world whice are Canada,Brazil,Isreal,Western African,Germany,Malta, United kingdom,Afghanistan,Hong Kong,Philipians,Guyana,Belize,Pakistan,Poland,Greece,Denmark.

Ok
Ok thanks for your acceptanc!

Wow beautiful they say is in the eyes of the beholder,you are really beautiful what a beautiful eyes going together with your smiles.

What is your free time here ?

We can always keep in touch with each others.

Here is my email address you can message me at any time.

sweetpen_143@yahoo.com

sailcaptain_143@yahoo.com

Can we try a text message i will want to send an email to your mail box now please if you receieves it type yes as a reply to me.

Ok i just sent you an email to your mail box please type a yes back to me.

Ok i got it here it's really fast  heheheh

What is it by your time now?

here is :

Your time is ahead of me.

Am ahead of you.

Tell me about your children?

Are they living with you?

Ok mine is just going to 16 he wanted to be a soldier,but now he studies in West Africa (Accra Ghana).

He is studying Religions and Cultural Studies (R.C.S) he saids he want to learn the culture of Africans

My boy is very  smart and handsome.

Which my wife is with him now ,but i lost her on a car accident with my beautiful daughter.

It's a very sad story, i lost them both June 22 2009  11:22 AM in the cross over bridge. (New York City)

Do you love roses?


Yes i love white and red roses. i have a rose garden in the USA it's a beautiful one.

Do you have any pet?

What is your favorite pet?

My favorite pet is Dog

My Favorite pen is Monkey

Do you have any with you at home now?

Ok nice mine is in my house in the USA 

Do you have your own house in your country?

What kind of house?

Yes i have  a very beautiful castle in USA ,with swimming pool and wide foot ball fied.

Have you been to the mountain before?

Yes i love mountain,but am scared of hight.

How you feel all this years leaving without a man in your life?

I feel empty,think love it dead,never have feelings for love,until i saw two Birds two days ago caring for themselfs,then i realize love is all about life.

Which i can meet the woman of my life now so i give her my heart,soul and body.

Am ready to spend my whole life with my woman in any part of the world.

Have you been in any relationship since the dealth of your husband?

 Have you been in any relationship since the divorced of your husband?

Ok what happened?

I have never been in any because i have been so busy with my work and kid.

My friend was the one who introduced me to skype few days ago,he got married here on skype and they both are having a boy of 2 years now.

He said i can find the woman of my life here,but i have still  not believe him,i can't see people here i just manage to met you here.

How long have you been on skype?

Do you believe on internet relationship?

Have you been in any before what happened?

What are your experience here on the internet?

Tell me how to diffrectiate the real people who are serious here?

I will love to see you here on cam but it's highly risky here. i was warned by the Commanding General here.

Ok i will give you a link so you can see what happenend on cam here in Afghanistan

Ok click on this link http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2012/05/army-nurse-in-afghanistan-dies-during-skype-chat-wife-saw-bullet-hole

I have good web camera here,but it's block,i can only see you but you will not be able to see me.

But i assure you that you will see me as soon i travel to the city of Afghanistan some of this days.

Will you allow me see your beautiful smiles?

ok i see you now ,you are really an Angel without wings?

Are you alone today?

Can i say hi to any one around you?

Oh Sorry microphone not connected here.
 
Do you love listining to music?

What are your favorite music?

I love country music,Blues,Pop and Rock.

Can you dance?

Am a good dancer will dance with you if only you will not step on my toes hehehehehe

Which University you attended?

I graduated from Florida University.

Do you love reading of novels?

I love ispiraton books.

What are your emotional level for young kids ?

I see can you play a role of a good mother to your husband son?

Are you are party going woman ?

I love disco.

Do you drink or smoke?

Am not an heavu drinker but never smoke.

How can you take care of your husband?

Ok i can be a good husband to my wife by buying her gifts,taking her for shopping,providing for her daily needs.

Do you save for the rainy days?

I mean if you do savings?

Yes am a good savers i devide my salary by two,save half and use half for family and other budget.

Have you ever been lied to before?

Oh so sorry.

I have been double crosed by my friend in same working place who tries to take my working position,he was my best friend but he becomes my worst enemy that day.

What can you tell about me?

I see you are a good and honest woman who is ready to settle and love the man of your life with your whole heart.

If i give you my heart will you play and dance with it?

Just asking because i will be a good keeper to a heart of yours if given to me.

What you see by love at first sight.

Love has so many language and understanding.

What can you define a simple love as?

Oh nice of you.

I see love as a place were we share one thought,have good communication,move slow and fast holding our hands thight together.

Love is not love until one heart is ready to love,trust being honest to give and accept with out a doubt 

Do you think love is blind?

Yes love is blind but it always take us to were we belongs

Are you a Christain?

Yes am a Chatolic,but i does not  criticize religions


Can we come close as partner?

I have never talk to a lady this long in my life since the lost of my wife.

I have been to so many ship,larg ship,medium ship,small ship and peace ship but the greatest of all is your friendship today.

Can i show you some good music on youtube so you can listen to while chatting with you?

Hope you love it? jusy listen with your heart and pay attension to the lyrics ok

Am now ready to give my heart to a caring woman like you.

I don't see any reason to trow my net for fishing anymore when i have a golden fish under my net.

What you think about that?

I am ready to be your man come rain come sunshine.

Will you accept me into your heart let just give a try and see were this love will take us to ok

First i will have to inform my son about a you,i will tell him how i met you,how beautiful and happy you make me feel.

Am sure he will write to know you also.

Will you accept my son with your whole heart ?

What kind of business can you operate?

Ok good am ready to do anything to make you happy forever.

Sorry we only use radio talking for communication here,i will want to call you from here which i have a mobile number in Afghanistan.